Blogging.
So let's give up.
There's a difference in our luck.
So we eat it.
Dearest and reach your own fit Dennis.
Of course we chose fully automated and we give it aggressive to see a live show in our example so we
click OK.
No the difference is enable in our dues Isak's I host in this cluster.
So if we walk to do Samari and try to see the overloading of the different toasts.
So for example Doha's Twan have a Windows XP bar on it.
Check this one.
Mike Datsik consume about 15 percent of the C.P. and 50 percent of the memory.
Then do Isak's I Hulst number two also as the same as is I want of course E6 I treat the Vicent that
you have a height of consumption and it can't migrate.
Do When center from this host to any of those other hosts because there is not space available for it.
So we are going to concentrate on the E-6 I want and Isak's I too.
So we see that we have a similar consumption of two resouce and we have the virtual machine bolted on
in the Isak's I one and then another Windows XP ported on in the E6 item.
So we have some equalitie into reshoots.
If we try to get overloaded in the House number one by powering on our windows machine inside.
So for example this when 7 does exist India is X I want and try to power on this machine.
You will see that we have an overload in India is X I want then I to so I want start onstream mid-morning
and.
D6 I to constant.
Also some reduced so Windows 7 is port on its just give it a little time so the rest stop working.
So you see right there different users
OK lets just give it a little time into the dress to look drop
so D6 I one start consuming more C-p and less Aufforderung.
You should see some dress function start
it is mighty optimally to
this push hand to do it.
For example we got to this virtual machine and try power it off this one.
So you get three resource from this host like that.
Yes.
And we should see different reasonless loading this Holst's.
So how does it start migrating to Windows 7.
Let's see the migration Stodger
so hot migration windows important is excite.
One in Morocco G-6 I to land one in Morakot with encryption tusk migration Vetri machine.
So it started migrating to Windows 7 from 2 6.
I want to E-6 I threw in the same lands without any need change.
So this is our real example of migrating our virtual machine from house to another host.
So I do it on calculation and decide which one should be migrated from this host to another host.
So soon the next.